Hello, can you hear me well? Yeah. Yeah, perfect. So one more down, one more to go. The system design is a bit more subjective kind of interview. So I will tell you like a couple of things of what you can expect, what type of challenges they might ask you to do as well, for you to have a few directions in terms of the business domain that they will be asking out. And also I will guide you like step by step of how you can cover all the crucial points in a structured way to make sure that you can, well, cover all of their expectations as well. So as usual, grab a few notes. If you need me to repeat something, just ask me. Okay. Perfect. So first thing I want to share with you, I have a framework here that I'm scrolling up to put in the right place that I will share with you this specific one. This is interesting because well, system designs, they might be quite different from company to company. In our case, it takes one hour and you can use Draw.io, Excalibur, well, it doesn't matter. But I have this framework here, which is usually the one that I use to explain this to people, because it's really kind of organized and follows the same structure that they expect you to follow. So that's why it's relevant. And what I will tell you then today, as I mentioned, a few examples of what you can expect of them asking you. And I will use this scheme to follow this structure, but tell you step by step what they want to see, what they expect you to do and cover in each one of the steps until you have the whole system design done. I will tell you what to do, but then if you scroll down, you will have a lot of information of how to do it as well, like how you can define the diagrams, how you can do the requirement gathering. So all of this stuff as well. So grab this to check later. I have shared through the chat over here. But yeah, starting from the beginning in terms of potential challenges. So system design, you probably know, it's basically creating a design for a new process or a feature that expects to be implemented in our case, in our application, or a process associated with it. And they want you to do from zero to one in terms of covering what should be done and how it should be done. You can use Excalibur or IO, as I mentioned, it's completely up to you. And then going into the steps before doing that, in terms of examples, we have a few challenges that we are presenting to people. They might quite vary. They might be about, we have four ones that they are really similar. They are about lifestyle features that we have inside the application. So for example, booking hotels process. We are now also building new stuff regarding that, which falls into the same kind of areas of booking flights or booking trains, whatever. So these types of functionalities that they might ask you to propose a process of how all of this should be done and integrated through our Revolut application. They might also ask you about, for example, to create a process relative to our card distribution system. Like I'm a customer, I open my account, how all of the card process should be done from, well, from the moment that I requested until it's delivered to me. Or also, for example, about Revolut ATM machines, like all the backend operations on it, while you have the card and you put the card inside the machine and everything that can be done through it and so on. I mean, they might focus on one specific part, but just for you to have an example. So these are the type of things that they might ask you out, of course, that they will give you the specific details and so on. But usually it's around one of these type of processes. But then what I will tell you now, no matter what you will be asked to do, it's applicable to all potential scenarios. And we have these five steps that you can see, and this is a good example because it kind of gives you an estimation of the time that you should take for each one of these steps, considering one hour frame, which is our case. And as I mentioned, they expect you to follow indeed this structure, right? But then specifically on their expectations, after they tell you the task itself, we have the step number one, which is the analysis part. And what is the analysis? It's where they will tell you what the task is and you will start speaking with them regarding it as well. Never skip this step because if you skip, you fail. It's simple as that. So just take some minutes. You can see here a reference of 10 minutes to do the requirements gathering, functional, non-functional requirements. Also in terms of defining some boundary or conditions that you might anticipate from the start, like things that they might go wrong to begin with. Also always make a few questions, clarifying, verifying questions. So they tell you what the exercise is, verify a few things, just don't take the assumptions as you believe it is, but confirm those. Because again, if people, they don't do this pre-work before starting the hands-on itself, they don't like it at all because we are quite business oriented. So it's important to clarify all things from the start. And even if it looks like you are losing time, but you are actually gaining time because more you know from the beginning, less issues you will have along the way because you can already anticipate a lot of things. So take some time over here. Once this step is done, once the step number one is done, then we indeed, we will start the hands-on part. So you open DRAIO or ExcelDRAW and the first part that you will need to do, which is the step number two, it's the high level design. And the high level design, it's the skeleton of the design, so it's when you start building the diagrams, the end-to-end flow from zero to one, and you should focus on technical components like database, the queue, the components interactions, everything should be visible there. But one thing that is really important to know along, to do along the way as well, while doing all of these things, when you start the more specific work, communicate with them, explain everything, and propose options. Like we can go with component A, B, or C. I want to go specifically with B because ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. So propose options and make decisions over those options because a huge problem that people mostly get here is that they try to rely on them to validate what you are doing. Or they try to be like, okay, we can go with this or this. What do you think? Don't do that because the right mindset here is to think of the engineer that is there, that is a junior engineer. Picture that in your head because that's the right way to go because they expect that type of clarity. They expect you to teach them and explain them in a well way as they wouldn't do, as they wouldn't know anything. So picture that in your head because that's important as well, and they heavily evaluate communication in this step as well. So that's why that's important. Then also, other things that they can be done here that they will add more value to the work done. Your diagram could show synchronous or synchronous communication, like method names kind of communication, etc. Try to have clear role of each component and not overlapping, like not one component doing multiple different things. And also, if you can identify actors participating in the system is also nice as well. So these are a couple of things that you can do additionally. But again, overall, this is, as I mentioned, the skeleton of your design. It's not to fill it up with everything right from the start and do a messy thing. Start from the more generic approach, and then we will narrow down into the step number three. Step number three, it's the low level design, and it's when we will start filling up everything that was done in the previous stage. And there are four things that you really need to cover in this one. So you need to define the APIs. Of course, that before you need to start on the high level, you need to start with the endpoints and so on. But on the step number three, it's indeed to define the API specifically. Define the data schema as well. So APIs and data schema. Define message contents. And also define encryption and authentication. So these are the four really crucial parts of it. There are two things that you can do additionally if you do have the time and if it makes sense to you. And it's fine because it will aggregate more value. But I mean, it's not the crucial part here. But if you can, great. Which are to control the network like the HCP, VPN, etc. And then define how security is initiated as well. So this regarding the low level part, if you cover all of this, pretty much great. But as I mentioned, at least the APIs, data schema, message content and encryption and authentication, it's really important for you to get this on the step number three to have a more solid and robust system over here with pretty much everything well thought. And then after this step, after the step number three, kind of your design is done. But I mean, let's face the facts. After 30 minutes working on something that you just heard from the first time and thinking about it and drawing, speaking, saying, well, whatever, it's a lot of things. So most things there, I mean, a couple of things at least, they won't be working perfectly. And that's why we have the step number four. And step number four, it's when we go back at everything that was done, and we will analyze it with a purpose of improving overall what was done there and fixing any type of issues that might occur, improving or changing components if necessary, after we see the whole thing and so on. But there are three things that you really need to care out and you need to cover here. Being, first one, finding and preventing common failure scenarios. And what I mean by failure scenarios, it's not just from a technical perspective, it is as well, but it's not only. It's also like anything that might affect your system or it might not allow your system to go from zero to one to be fully delivered, that you need to prevent it too. Let me give you an example. Let's say that they ask you to work on the card distribution system. So again, I'm a customer, I open my account and you need to issue my card and deliver my card, activate it, et cetera. And let's say that, of course that we have millions of users, we are not going door to door, please, my friend, take your card, right? No, we need to hire a provider, that provider being careers or the distribution company, wherever they will take that work. And let's say for some reason that that provider is down, is not responding. We don't know what happened, but no clue of what is going on and our cards, well, won't get delivered. Kind of, this is the provider's fault, but it's our fault too, because I mean, you were asked to create the process from zero to one to have it done and to be on your own accountability. And then if the provider fails, despite the fact that it's fault, it's our fault because we haven't predicted that that could happen, right? So this is an example of a thing that should be prevented and covered here as well. So when I talk about failure scenarios about technical side, but also anything like this, for example, that might affect your system and it won't be allowing it to be concluded. And we need to figure out a way to cover it, to prevent it. We're going to have a backup provider, I don't know, whatever, but we need to have this planned and figure it out before it happens to avoid this type of issues. Because what they want with this type of designs, it's indeed understand like you as an engineer, considering our business, considering our needs, if you can provide something that if we would need to implement it tomorrow, considering, as I said, how Revolut is operating nowadays, that it will work, right? So they want to see something from a real life perspective, not just a nice clean solution that goes by the book. They want to see something that, okay, if we implement this indeed, how workable will it be? How adjusted it is to our business itself? So this is what you need to think of in this stage, bottlenecks, e-cups and so on. Also, you need to monitor infrastructure as well. And they also expect that configuration updates are possible. What I mean is another example, let's say that using the same example, because it's easier. Let's say again, I'm a customer, I open my account and I'm designing my cart. And people can choose between a pink card, a gold card and the silver card or whatever for the car design. And then you guys decided that it's holiday season, we are on Christmas and you want to launch a red card, limited edition, whatever. And this is to be implemented on 16th of December, blah, blah, blah, to be available for the next few days on the holidays. So how can we implement these type of updates of this configuration updates without affecting what is currently in place without going down time? So doing it online and guaranteeing that it won't be reflected from the user side, that it won't affect anything, but then by that day, by that time, this can be implemented, right? So configuration updates, they should be possible as well. These are the three things that they are really crucial at this stage. So again, failure scenarios, configuration updates and monitoring the infrastructure. But there are a few things that you can additionally do if you want to, if you have the time, like for example, define bootstrap procedure, let's say in the ATM, the ATM initial set up or define the maintenance procedure, like the software update, for instance. You can also try to monitor processes like, okay, we are doing the cart distribution. Can we track the cart distribution? Can we create a process to monitor it? Like these kinds of things, or the refilling of the cash in the ATM machine. We can have a few things over here, but again, those are the three crucial ones. These extra ones, it's something that you can add on top, perhaps spot some idempotency, try to identify some idempotency problems, mitigate them. Well, pretty much all of that stuff from refinement. And then we need to scale it, right? Of course it starts before, but to just for you to fill up our expectations, like how to scale this and what they expect, like the minimum, this, your system needs to handle more users without affecting performance minimum. Ideally, I mean, a bit better. I mean, you should define countrywide scalability, but what really would be nice would be if the solution could be rolled out globally with regional deployments and no central element, because it's global scale and it's what we have, right? So that would be the ideal scenario. After this, design is done. Okay. We still have five minutes, right? So that's wrap up step number five. What is this? This is not something that honestly they really expect. This is like add on, but I would strongly recommend you to do this for a couple of reasons. Wrap up, it's like a summary, like going back to the first moment where they told you the requirements and you need to grab those requirements and tell, look guys, these were the requirements. We have proposed this, this, this, and this, this matches this, this completes this, this can be done in this way. We have this or this component. I went with this one because and basically you follow the overall scheme, highlighting the crucial parts and connecting the dots between them. Why this is important? A couple of reasons. First reason is, again, as I mentioned, you will be speaking, drawing, thinking, listening, a lot of designing, well, whatever, a lot of things. And sometimes when we are doing a lot of things at the same time, we might think that we have explained ourselves well, and sometimes we don't, and it's not our fault, it's like unconsciously. And then they might be like looking and they are like, okay, but he mentioned this, he didn't, why was this? And in order to do not interrupt you or do not break your reasoning, they might, okay, I will ask him later. And then they forget. And what happens is they will be with that impression of, I'm not sure, like, why this, why that? I don't remember what it was, but they have that mixed feeling. And if they are in doubt, then you can just go back and highlight all the points and have a more reasonable explanation and, oh, okay, why this then? And they will be like, okay, makes some sense. And they will be able to put the questions there. Also will show a good structure, communication and approach. And again, as I mentioned, they evaluate communication in this step as well. So if you can go back and put things in a structured way, you will gain extra points for that. A third reason would be if you finish the design, and sometimes you probably heard this before, when we finish things, it's when we should start them because we have another vision about it and we have the overall picture. And you might come to an end and you be like, oh, I choose this, but I shouldn't. So maybe I should do something different or choose another component, whatever. And you will have the moment to actually say, look, guys, I actually love looking at everything. I have chosen this, but now maybe this would work better because blah, blah, blah. So you can suggest some alternatives and be able to explore other things. And it will show maturity and the capacity of analyzing things in a deeper way and changing them for a better scenario. Also, another reason, you will be able to explain how this could be improved in the long term as well if you want to. Like, okay, I have prototyped this MVP, but looking at overall a long-term technical strategy, we could also add this on top to improve this or that, or we can do this later. Now, it's not for the time being, this is the best solution, but if we look in the long term, we could propose this or that. So again, a numerous way why you should do this. Otherwise, it looks like it has loose ends or so. But again, if you do have the time, if you have the ability to, it's a plus. Otherwise, as I said, you don't fail because of that, but only a couple of relevant reasons to do it. Again, this is a good scheme because it gives you an estimation of the time. As I mentioned, according to all the things that you need to do, you can change the time, of course. Again, it's just an estimation, but I mentioned what to do. But then if you scroll down, you will have a really clear overview of what components you can choose, how to build the schemes, what to take into consideration. You have interview tips, FAQs, some advisors, top system design interview questions. So this is a really good one to follow in. But again, just give it a look, but don't forget about the things that I told you in terms of the points. If you want a few advices or recommendations additionally, if you want to watch a good system design interview, I would search for the Uber Eats one. I know it's a food delivery system. It has nothing to do with our business, but they have inspired themselves to create their own system design based on theirs. So the vibe kind of is the same. So you might want to take a look. And also my last advice would be keep it comfortable. What I mean by keep it comfortable is we kind of, anything that they will ask, we probably already have it in here. It's probably already defined or built or whatever. So don't try to find out what we use or propose the same things because we do or because it's what we, because you think that they will be pleased about it because then if they start making questions and if they start to narrow down things, you might not be able to be that comfortable with the, with those specific cases that you have proposed because you just tried to work with something that they would, that you thought that it will please them. So just make it comfortable because there are numerous ways to do system designs. There are numerous components that can be chosen. Choose what you really believe that makes sense and that you have, you are comfortable with, because then if they do make questions, you are able to justify those in an easier way, rather with something that you don't have that much contact with. So make it comfortable to you. This is your designs. It's not them. So keep it comfortable. If justifications are clear, if components make sense, that's it. Okay. But yeah, that's it also on my side. So questions. Okay. No worries. So Art, take your time, prepare well. Anything you might need in the meantime, let me know. This is booked for Monday. So once it's done, you know how it works. The feedback comes really quickly and I will still book a catch-up call before moving into Team Feeds if you move forward. So don't worry, we will speak again. But again, anything else that you might need help with, just let me know. Okay. Perfect. So well, we probably won't speak before. So have a great weekend ahead. Have a great end of week two and good luck for the next one. Thank you. Bye-bye. See you.